we knew we got the sense that there was
people that were here in our audience so
we're very very excited to see you so we
asked you to do something and you were
kind enough to do it we gave you a
disguise you did
we sent you out to the line where people
line up to see the show yeah in the
hopes of tricking them but you'll see it
almost worked now we're looking for the
biggest Noah sent to their fans because
because you might have the opportunity
to meet him okay so we're going to ask
you some trivia questions three of his
projects name three of Noah so today's
project okay great
where was he born what time in Florida
do you know Noah's middle name nice name
his character from the Fosters that is
right that is right okay
I don't know they gave it away but I'm
gonna loan you that beard for when you
go to the airport nice addition it's
necessary you're from Boca Raton yeah is
the family back there excited about your
newfound fame yeah yeah yeah yeah my
dad's there right now I facetimed him
before I came out you see one of your
Instagram followers he's one of them yes
does he have an Instagram account he
does are people trying to spy on your
family they are yeah does he get excited
by that he loves it oh he does he's like
oh wow that's so great tell me more oh
that's good it's good we should be
soaking things up well it's great to
have you here thank you for coming
please come back again no it's at the
nail everybody hi I'm Judy Kim oh I hope
you enjoyed that video hit subscribe and
all your dreams will come true assuming
your dreams are to watch more YouTube
videos